readme.md, before:

# [Litewrite](http://litewrite.net)

**Just notes and writing, no distraction.** by [Jan-Christoph Borchardt](http://jancborchardt.net)

Based on [Notes](http://nv.github.com/notes) made by [Nikita Vasilyev](http://elv1s.ru) for [10K Apart 2010](http://10k.aneventapart.com/1/Entry/72).

Backgrounds by [Subtle Patterns](http://subtlepatterns.com): [Light paper fibers](http://subtlepatterns.com/?p=1311) by Jorge Fuentes, [Broken noise](http://subtlepatterns.com/?p=852) by Vincent Klaiber


## Unhosted

**This app allows every user to use their own data storage!** Its code is fully client-side, without any server backend you need to trust! Find out more about the [Unhosted movement](http://unhosted.org). localStorage is used as fallback, so you can also use it offline.


## MIT License

Short: **Do anything you want as long as you credit us.**

Copyright (c) 2010 [Nikita Vasilyev](http://elv1s.ru), 2012 [Jan-Christoph Borchardt](http://jancborchardt.net)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

update readme, add first contribute instructions #14

readme.md, after:

# [Litewrite](http://litewrite.net)
**unobtrusive writing** by [Jan-Christoph Borchardt](http://jancborchardt.net) & [Jorin Vogel](http://jorin-vogel.com)

## Contribute

Play with the [development version](litewrite.github.com/litewrite), check out [issues](https://github.com/litewrite/litewrite/issues) and dive into the code if you like. Set up your development environment:

1. Clone http://github.com/litewrite/litewrite
2. Install [node.js](http://nodejs.org/#download)
3. Run `npm install` to install the dependencies
4. `./grunt build` to build the code
5. `./grunt` to start a web server at http://localhost:8000


## Thanks

Inspired by [iA Writer](http://iawriter.com) & [LightWrite](http://gun.io/w). Initial prototype built on [Notes](http://nv.github.com/notes).

Backgrounds by [Subtle Patterns](http://subtlepatterns.com): [Light paper fibers](http://subtlepatterns.com/?p=1311) by Jorge Fuentes, [Broken noise](http://subtlepatterns.com/?p=852) by Vincent Klaiber


## Unhosted coming soon!

**This app allows every user to use their own data storage!** Its code is fully client-side, without any server backend you need to trust! Find out more about the [Unhosted movement](http://unhosted.org). localStorage is used as fallback, so you can also use it offline.


## MIT License

Short: **Do anything you want as long as you credit us.**

Copyright (c) 2012 [Jan-Christoph Borchardt](http://jancborchardt.net) & [Jorin Vogel](http://jorin-vogel.com)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
